README.md, before:

# Unicorny Gmail

Unicorny Gmail, forked from the example CSS Chrome Extention from lateral/chrome-extension-blogpost.

This Chrome Extension packages the CSS outlined in my blog post [How I Fixed Gmail’s UX and Saved My Sanity](https://medium.com/@airshipcms/gmail-ux-sucks-so-i-fixed-it-for-my-own-sanity-b6f33898ebe3).

If you want just the raw CSS, it is also posted in [Gist](https://gist.github.com/kellishouts/e733874f7510934c4def87adf221016d).

This is my first Chrome Extension. I followed [this](https://blog.lateral.io/2016/04/create-chrome-extension-modify-websites-html-css/) blog post and forked off of [this](https://github.com/lateral/chrome-extension-blogpost) repository. :)

# Publish

- Increase version number in the manifest. 
- Zip this directory. 
- Go to https://chrome.google.com/webstore/developer/dashboard (Log in as developer account [PF]). 
- Edit & Publish. 

# Changelog

## Version 0.2.1
- hides ads again
- Gmail logo is showing again

# To Do / Wishlist
- icon and styles for Social tab
- styles for non-tabbed inbox
- hide Gmail logo
- mute gmail colors in graphics

Commit message:

updates Unicorny Gmail with ads handling

README.md, after:

# Unicorny Gmail

Unicorny Gmail, forked from the example CSS Chrome Extention from lateral/chrome-extension-blogpost.

This Chrome Extension packages the CSS outlined in my blog post [How I Fixed Gmail’s UX and Saved My Sanity](https://medium.com/@airshipcms/gmail-ux-sucks-so-i-fixed-it-for-my-own-sanity-b6f33898ebe3).

If you want just the raw CSS, it is also posted in [Gist](https://gist.github.com/kellishouts/e733874f7510934c4def87adf221016d).

This is my first Chrome Extension. I followed [this](https://blog.lateral.io/2016/04/create-chrome-extension-modify-websites-html-css/) blog post and forked off of [this](https://github.com/lateral/chrome-extension-blogpost) repository. :)

# Publish

- Increase version number in the manifest. 
- Zip this directory. 
- Go to https://chrome.google.com/webstore/developer/dashboard (Log in as developer account [PF]). 
- Edit & Publish. 

# Changelog

## Version 0.2.2
- hides ads again
- leaving Gmail logo
- adds unicorn to empty state for new split screen mode
- removed force hide Google hangouts, because you can hide it in Gmail Settings now

## Version 0.2.1
- hides ads again
- Gmail logo is showing again


# To Do / Wishlist
- icon and styles for Social tab
- styles for non-tabbed inbox
- hide Gmail logo
- mute gmail colors in graphics
